README.md, before:

# Papo

This project was generated with [Angular CLI](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli) version 8.1.2.

## Development server

Run `ng serve` for a dev server. Navigate to `http://localhost:4200/`. The app will automatically reload if you change any of the source files.

## Code scaffolding

Run `ng generate component component-name` to generate a new component. You can also use `ng generate directive|pipe|service|class|guard|interface|enum|module`.

## Build

Run `ng build` to build the project. The build artifacts will be stored in the `dist/` directory. Use the `--prod` flag for a production build.

## Running unit tests

Run `ng test` to execute the unit tests via [Karma](https://karma-runner.github.io).

## Running end-to-end tests

Run `ng e2e` to execute the end-to-end tests via [Protractor](http://www.protractortest.org/).

## Further help

To get more help on the Angular CLI use `ng help` or go check out the [Angular CLI README](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli/blob/master/README.md).

Commit message:

Initial project import on GitHub.com

README.md, after:

# Angular + Material Quickstart Project
This project was generated with [Angular CLI](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli) version 8.1.2.
Its purpose to provide a blueprint for building other Angular + Material PWAs.

## Development server

Run `ng serve` for a dev server. Navigate to `http://localhost:4200/`. The app will automatically reload if you change any of the source files.

## Code scaffolding

Run `ng generate component component-name` to generate a new component. You can also use `ng generate directive|pipe|service|class|guard|interface|enum|module`.

## Build

Run `ng build` to build the project. The build artifacts will be stored in the `dist/` directory. Use the `--prod` flag for a production build.

## Running unit tests

Run `ng test` to execute the unit tests via [Karma](https://karma-runner.github.io).

## Running end-to-end tests

Run `ng e2e` to execute the end-to-end tests via [Protractor](http://www.protractortest.org/).

## Further help

To get more help on the Angular CLI use `ng help` or go check out the [Angular CLI README](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli/blob/master/README.md).

## Useful references

This project was created with the Angular CLI and with further tuning and additions from several sources. In no specific order:
* [Part 1: Building a Progressive Web Application (PWA) with Angular Material and AWS Amplify.](https://itnext.io/part-1-building-a-progressive-web-application-pwa-with-angular-material-and-aws-amplify-5c741c957259)
* [Part 2: Adding Authentication to your Angular Material & AWS Amplify powered PWA](https://itnext.io/part-2-adding-authentication-to-your-angular-material-aws-amplify-powered-pwa-2a9d0fbd305a)
